onetsoc_code,title,description
11-1011.00,Chief Executives,"Determine and formulate policies and provide overall direction of companies or private and public sector organizations within guidelines set up by a board of directors or similar governing body. Plan, direct, or coordinate operational activities at the highest level of management with the help of subordinate executives and staff managers."
11-1011.03,Chief Sustainability Officers,"Communicate and coordinate with management, shareholders, customers, and employees to address sustainability issues. Enact or oversee a corporate sustainability strategy."
11-1021.00,General and Operations Managers,"Plan, direct, or coordinate the operations of public or private sector organizations, overseeing multiple departments or locations. Duties and responsibilities include formulating policies, managing daily operations, and planning the use of materials and human resources, but are too diverse and general in nature to be classified in any one functional area of management or administration, such as personnel, purchasing, or administrative services. Usually manage through subordinate supervisors. Excludes First-Line Supervisors."
11-1031.00,Legislators,"Develop, introduce, or enact laws and statutes at the local, tribal, state, or federal level. Includes only workers in elected positions."
11-2011.00,Advertising and Promotions Managers,"Plan, direct, or coordinate advertising policies and programs or produce collateral materials, such as posters, contests, coupons, or giveaways, to create extra interest in the purchase of a product or service for a department, an entire organization, or on an account basis."
11-2021.00,Marketing Managers,"Plan, direct, or coordinate marketing policies and programs, such as determining the demand for products and services offered by a firm and its competitors, and identify potential customers. Develop pricing strategies with the goal of maximizing the firm's profits or share of the market while ensuring the firm's customers are satisfied. Oversee product development or monitor trends that indicate the need for new products and services."
11-2022.00,Sales Managers,"Plan, direct, or coordinate the actual distribution or movement of a product or service to the customer. Coordinate sales distribution by establishing sales territories, quotas, and goals and establish training programs for sales representatives. Analyze sales statistics gathered by staff to determine sales potential and inventory requirements and monitor the preferences of customers."
11-2032.00,Public Relations Managers,"Plan, direct, or coordinate activities designed to create or maintain a favorable public image or raise issue awareness for their organization or client."
11-2033.00,Fundraising Managers,"Plan, direct, or coordinate activities to solicit and maintain funds for special projects or nonprofit organizations."